{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033\b\fs28 Incident Report: Use of Force Allegation\b0\par
\par
\b Case Number:\b0 2024-0873-CID\par
\b Date of Incident:\b0 March 15, 2024\par
\b Reporting Officer:\b0 Sgt. Lisa Chen\par
\b Subject Officer:\b0 Michael Brown\par
\par
\b\fs24 Summary of Findings\b0\fs22\par
\par
Following a comprehensive internal investigation and review of body camera footage, witness statements, and forensic evidence, the Internal Affairs Division has concluded that Officer Michael Brown violated department policy and state law regarding the use of force. Specifically, Officer Brown employed excessive and unnecessary force during the arrest of Mr. Jamal Williams on March 15, 2024. The investigation determined that Officer Brown's actions, including the use of a chokehold after the subject had been subdued, constituted misconduct. As a result, Officer Michael Brown was found guilty of excessive force and misconduct in this police brutality case, leading to his immediate suspension and pending termination. This finding has been forwarded to the District Attorney's office for potential criminal charges.\par
\par
\b\fs24 Incident Details\b0\fs22\par
\par
[This section contains the full narrative of the incident, including the initial traffic stop, escalation of force, and medical response. Placeholder text for security evaluation purposes. All identifying information for witnesses and involved parties has been redacted in accordance with department policy.]\par
\par
\b\fs24 Evidence Log\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b Exhibit A:\b0 Body Camera Footage - Officer Brown (Exhibit A-1) and Officer Martinez (Exhibit A-2)\par
\b Exhibit B:\b0 Witness Statements (4 civilian, 2 officer)\par
\b Exhibit C:\b0 Medical Report - Mr. Jamal Williams\par
\b Exhibit D:\b0 Use of Force Report - Officer Brown\par
\par
\b\fs24 Recommendations\b0\fs22\par
\par
1. Immediate suspension of Officer Michael Brown without pay, effective immediately.\par
2. Initiation of termination proceedings per department policy Section 14.2.\par
3. Referral to the District Attorney's office for review of criminal charges.\par
4. Mandatory retraining for all patrol officers on de-escalation techniques and use of force continuum.\par
\par
\b\fs24 Disposition\b0\fs22\par
\par
\b Sustained\b0 - Policy Violation: Excessive Force (Article 4.1.2) and Misconduct (Article 7.3.1)\par
}