{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1
\pard\fs24
\b Medical Incident Report\b0\par
\par
\b Date of Incident:\b0 January 10, 2024\par
\b Reporting Physician:\b0 Dr. Sarah Jenkins\par
\b Patient Name:\b0 Patient X\par
\b Medical Record Number:\b0 MR-2024-001\par
\par
\b Incident Description:\b0\par
Patient X was admitted to the emergency department on January 10, 2024, with complaints of severe abdominal pain. Initial examination revealed elevated white blood cell count and tenderness in the lower right quadrant. A diagnosis of acute appendicitis was made, and emergency appendectomy was scheduled for 14:30 hours.\par
\par
During the procedure, it was discovered that the surgical team operated on the incorrect side due to a miscommunication in the preoperative checklist. Patient X was under general anesthesia when the error occurred. The correct procedure was subsequently performed, but Patient X experienced prolonged recovery time and required additional monitoring.\par
\par
\b Follow-up Actions:\b0\par
- Incident reported to the Medical Review Board\par
- Corrective action plan initiated for surgical team\par
- Patient X and family notified of the error on January 12, 2024\par
- Patient X transferred to ICU for extended observation\par
\par
\b Recommendations:\b0\par
1. Revise preoperative verification protocols\par
2. Mandatory team time-out before all surgical procedures\par
3. Additional training for surgical staff on checklist compliance\par
\par
\b Signatures:\b0\par
Dr. Sarah Jenkins, Attending Surgeon\par
Dr. Emily Carter, Medical Review Board\par
\par
\b Document Properties:\b0\par
Author: Unknown\par
Creation Date: 2023-01-01\par
Last Modified: 2024-01-15\par
}